Assignment 5 (final project) 
CSC458, Spring 2010


1 Assignment
This assignment 5's goal is easy: outwit the greatest financial minds in
history to write a program that can distinguish real stock market data from
modeled stock market data.  In case it's not already obvious, doing this well
amounts to discovering better models of the stock market's behavior, something
that&ndash;at least in principle&ndash;would allow you to devise new strategies
and Beat The Market.  For now, though, the only thing I'm hoping you can do is
to beat your classmates.  In particular, you need to develop two functions:
generateData and evaluateData. The first should generate data that is
indistinguishable from actual stock market data, and the second one should
consume data and decide whether it's real or fake.

module EquityModel
 
val generateData : unit -> double array
val evaluateData : double array -> bool

The generateData function should always produce an array of length 1000,
representing closing prices on 1000 consecutive days of a fictitious stock [*].
The evaluateData function should consume an array of length 1000, and return a
boolean representing whether you believe this to be actual recorded stock
market data.

In order to test your programs, your evaluateData function will be called with
a variety of inputs; some will be real stock market data taken from consecutive
days' adjusted closes using Yahoo's history interface, and some will be
fictitious data generated by other players' programs. I will not call your
evaluateData function with the output of your own generateData function, to
save you the trouble of trying to watermark your own data in some tricky way.

Your program's score will consist of the number of examples that you correctly
classify. Your program will be called with an equal number of real and fake
examples. Your program will be restarted for each call (so don't bother using a
mutable variable to try to keep track of prior inputs).

2 Interface
Your main source file should be called Final.fs, and should define a module
called Final containing the two functions specified above. Your makefile should
compile this into a library called Final.dll.
